Fix wording in "Fold" pattern (#69)
rust-unofficial/patterns: patterns/fold.md

other hand if a node is not changed, reusing it is very efficient.

If we were to operate on borrowed references, the original data structure can be

> reused, however, a node must be cloned even not changed, which can be

Reviewer: There needs to be a conjunction between the "even" and "not".

Suggest:

```suggestion
reused; however, a node must be cloned even if unchanged, which can be
```
